Update values-and-types.mdx (#1779)
onflow/cadence: docs/language/values-and-types.mdx

- `cadence•fun insert(key: K, _ value: V): V?`

  Inserts the given value of type `V` into the dictionary under the given `key` of type `K`.
  

>   The new insertion must be of the same `Dictionary Types` as the dictionary is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The inserted key must have the same type as the dictionary's key type, and the inserted value must have the same type as the dictionary's value type.
```
